presumptuous
Xuanyuan sword is an accessory given to my sister by the Qing army
Today I will offer it to this bronze feast
Witness the glory with everyone
How dare you point this sword in front of me
Do you want to die?
Let the king of Beijing rule
The entire building
I'm afraid there are only materials that your system does not need.
To say
Even if the Qing army is here
You're going to die by three points.
Just because you are a nameless waste
Where did you get the courage to be so arrogant?
Tang Zuying, do you still want to protect him?
Is it worth it? What do you want?
You're looking at the door now
I don't know how to charge you yet.
Qin Fang this dog thing
How many cups of black tea did you pour into Tang Xuanying?
Fascinated like this
I thought he was just not aggressive
I didn't expect it.
People are working hard behind their backs
Spend all your time lying to women
Dignified daughter
Willing to change from a god of war to a watchdog for him
Hahahaha, I didn't see the situation.
You really have a way with women
But if you are disgusted today, you will die if you respond to Xuanyuan's sword finger.
Hahaha
Yuan inheritance
I have to give you a chance to apologize to Xueying
And hand over the king's decree to withdraw from this canonization
I'll save you some face
Otherwise, don't blame me for being merciful
Go easy on me.
Qin Feng, I think you are pretending to be the Qing army to go to the river
Is it the two of you?
A love
You can give up your career for a man
Fame and even life
And ask
Is a man who can only play tricks
Big talker
For that poor self-esteem
You can say anything
Pretending to be the future career of the Qing army
Sure, I'll take a look today.
How did you measure my occupation as the king of Beijing?
You don't believe
Qin Feng
Do you have any other skills besides big talk?
Back then, my mother always said that you were not in the pool
Now it seems that you really haven't made any progress
You have no power now
No position
How can the common people withdraw their position as the king of Beijing?
Hahaha
With this
Is that enough?